Provide consistent examples of bindings for all SDKs (#2021)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/bindings/howto-bindings.md

Output bindings enable you to invoke external resources without taking dependencies on special SDK or libraries.
For a complete sample showing output bindings, visit this [link](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/tree/master/bindings).

## Example:

> The below code example loosely describes an application that processes orders. In the example, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to invoke external resources(output binding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below code example loosely describes an application that processes orders. In the example, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to invoke external resources via an output binding.
```

> The below code example loosely describes an application that processes orders. In the example, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to invoke external resources via an output binding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below code example loosely describes an application that processes orders. In the example, there is an order processing service which has a Dapr sidecar. The order processing service uses Dapr to invoke external resources, in this case a Kafka, via an output binding.
```

> <img src="/images/building-block-bindings-example.png" width=1000 alt="Diagram showing bindings of example service">

Reviewer: this image has an extra thin grey line at the right hand side that needs to be cropped out.

## 1. Create a binding

An output binding represents a resource that Dapr uses to invoke and send messages to.

> For the purpose of this guide, you'll use a Kafka binding. You can find a list of the different binding specs [here]({{< ref setup-bindings >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the purpose of this guide, you'll use a Kafka binding. You can find a list of all supported binding components [here]({{< ref setup-bindings >}}).
```

apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: checkout
spec:
  type: bindings.kafka
  version: v1
  metadata:
  # Kafka broker connection setting
  - name: brokers
    value: localhost:9092
  # consumer configuration: topic and consumer group
  - name: topics
    value: sample
  - name: consumerGroup
    value: group1
  # publisher configuration: topic
  - name: publishTopic
    value: sample
  - name: authRequired
    value: "false"
```

{{% /codetab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

## 2. Send an event(Output Binding)

> Below are code examples that leverage Dapr SDKs for output binding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below are code examples that leverage Dapr SDKs to demonstrate an output binding.
```
